hey guys today I'm going to share with
you some tricks to save money at the
grocery store I know all of you love my
budget haul videos so I thought that you
would appreciate knowing my secrets to
saving money at the grocery store let's
start with number one
eat in season right now it's summertime
and berries nectarines grape tomatoes
yummy vegetables and fruits are in
season right now and for that reason
they are cheaper at the grocery store I
also find that they taste better when
you're actually eating them when their
season appropriate number two coupons
I'm not really into clipping out my own
coupons but you do have the option to go
onto coupons calm red plum calm there's
a few other websites where you can
actually go on and print out coupons for
foods that you are already buying at the
grocery store you can also go on to your
favorite brands Facebook pages and
sometimes they have coupons for you to
print out there too 3 make a list duh
but don't just make a list meal prep and
create a menu if you do this you're
going to know how much you need of each
item so that when you go to the store
you can get enough so that you don't
have to do midweek trips that often
include impulse buys so create a list
create a meal plan and get after it
number 4 don't shop hungry if you're
like me and you shop hunger you buy
everything the store everything looks
good so before you go to the store eat a
meal have a nice lunch have a nice
breakfast and then go shopping before
dinner there's always a million people
there especially on Monday and Tuesday's
and you end up buying way more than you
need so eat a meal before you go don't
shop hungry number five go generic some
of my favorite foods to buy like Oh
cereals frozen vegetables by buying the
generic version you're really not
sacrificing any taste or quality you're
just going to save money so don't be
afraid to buy generic number six is
something I do I shop around I know what
stores have the best prices so when I
need to do some staple shopping I'll go
to Aldi because I know that they are the
cheapest there four other things I like
to go to Trader Joe's for some of my
sauces in different condiments and
frozen vegetables and then there's
hopefully taupe it's actually has some
great deals on things but also same with
Target Sean's stop and shop we all have
different grocery stores and I liked
shop around to get the best deals
possible which brings me to number seven
use your iPhone when you go shopping I
love this new app called grocery pal you
enter in your zip code and then it lets
you know what the sales are at the
stores near you so if you know you love
to eat Greek yogurt you can go and see
what store has Greek yogurt on sale that
week it also will let you know if there
are $1 great tomatoes when Aldi has this
week near me $1 for grape tomatoes I
wouldn't have known that if I hadn't
downloaded the grocery pal app but you
guys can download it it's free and you
guys can save some money by checking in
to see where some of your favorite
products are being sold at a discount
number eight buy in bulk especially when
things are on sale now if you're worried
about them going bad preserve them using
either canning freezing or even drying
if you have a dehydrator I love buying
things in bulk especially meat when
they're on sale because you can get them
from cheaper prices and then I just put
them in the freezer so each week when I
figure out what I'm having I can take
them out so that they saw number 9 buy
your meats with the bone in or if you're
buying seafood with the shell or bones
still in if you buy chicken bone in it
is way cheaper and it actually does
taste better you have to roast it a
little bit longer but just remember to
take the skin off to remove some that
excess fat you don't need if I were to
buy shrimp at the grocery store without
the shell it would cost me more money so
take a few extra minutes yourself to buy
it with the shell on and just do it
yourself to save some money number 10 go
vegetarian for some of the meals that
you eat during the week beans are
extremely affordable and so by factoring
in a few vegetarian meals each week you
are going to end up saving yourself some
money number 11 avoid buying prepackaged
foods or pre sliced produce grocery
stores are charging you major dollars to
do some of the dirty work that really
doesn't take that much time so avoid
buying the prepared and pre place number
12 pick a credit card that actually
rewards you for shopping at the grocery
store I have one that gives me points
depending on how much I shop at the
grocery store that month I then get to
use those points to redeem for travel
credits on my credit card statement so
if I fly to California
for work I can then use some of my
grocery points to reduce that cost
between like 100 and 200 dollars every
credit card has a different rate as a
different point system so shop around
and pick the best one for you and the
last one is to take bigger trips when
you go to the grocery store when you go
up to the register you might have a
little sticker shock like oh my gosh I
can't believe how much money I spent but
I kind of mentioned this earlier by
reducing the amount of times you go to a
grocery store each week you're going to
reduce the amount of impulse buys that
you make at the store each time I go I'm
guilty of this I at least five two or
three things that I really didn't need
but either I see them on sale or they
look good or I'm in the mood and then I
just end up spending more money than I
needed to so by doing bigger grocery
shopping trips each time you're going to
reduce the amount of visits that you
make and then reduce the amount of
impulse buys and overall money that you
have hopefully you enjoyed my tricks to
save yourself some money at the grocery
store if you're curious what a thirty
dollar grocery haul looks like for meals
for the entire week stay tuned to click
on my thirty dollar grocery haul for the
entire week see you guys soon
you